far from being quiet the ocean is filled
with a cacophony of animal noise that
can even disrupt the sonic transmissions
of submarines most of the din is made by
a surprisingly insignificant creature
the pistol shrimp by snapping its claws
it can not only make communication
sounds but something far deadlier
these shrimps are its prey it deals a
knockout blow from a distance by using
its claw as a sonic weapon first its
claw is cocked like a pistol then fired
the effect is literally stunning as the
claws snap shut it fires a blast of
bubbles incredibly as the bubbles
collapse they momentarily reach the
temperature of the Sun this implosion
causes a shock wave that stands
you